yeah
look out
goats well cut it down
who is a little hairy got it
down didn't get killed in the
process
it's been a good day so far that
was a hard tree to get down
there was risky it was a big
tree and a big tree like that
has enough water in it for
several days he's my cabin
cooking everything I need wood
for all right
there look at that got a nice
6-foot like that will fit my
sled only problem is that's one
heavy load got to go up this
steep hill right here on my way
to camp is going to be a big
problem but if i can get it to
split
I got some wedges with me then
it'll be long enough and sled it
won't topple over
there's a crack right here that
naturally started through the
log
maybe I get that to open up
further and split all the way
through start one right here
yeah
cost one of these probably
enough to get through a whole
day